So our mission was to create a log
enhancer that behaves a lot like
the monitor enhancer, but
instead of monitoring logs.
Did anyone wanna figure this out,
do you wanna walk through it together?
It's kind of like a little bit of a
swapping exercise here as well, but it's,
again, to kind of just
get our hands dirty,
get some muscle memory around
some of this stuff as well.
Did we have a name that we liked?
What did we call our log enhancer?
I'm not good at naming things.
That and cache invalidation.
Call it logEnhancer, you like logEnhancer?
Give me collective nod, all right.
That's good,
cuz that's what I had in my notes.
So, again, it starts as a function
that will take createStore and
returns a function that
will take all the rest.
reducer, initialState and enhancer
Neat, and then just whatever
the kind of new reducer,
we're using effectively closures
in JavaScript to make a function
that's wrapping whatever reducer
function they passed in.
So, in this case,
we'll say const logReducer.
That seems consistent, at least.
And that will have the same
API as any other reducer.
And it will go ahead and
we can say, console.log.
We will console log the state.
Let's call it, old state.
We'll actually call the real reducer now,
With the state and action.
And then we'll console.log
new state with the state.
And just for fun, I'm gonna add
the action to each of those as well.
So if we had multiple actions
within our application,
we could see which action
triggered that change.
And now all we'd have to do
is return that new state.
Let's actually fix that.
So we're gonna call the reducer.
I'm gonna store the result of
that function into newState.
And then we'll return it
out of our wrapped reducer.
And now we just return
the real createStore.
We'll finally call it after we intercepted
it with our logReducer instead,
which wraps whatever reducer they gave us.
The initialState, if any.
And the enhancer, if any.
>> I think you also want to
log the newState on line 29.
>> Yep, Otherwise we'll
just say it's the newState.
We want to store it, and then we'll
log it, and then we'll return it.
So we could swap it out.
And you can see that now we get
an initial action that flows through.
Remember how we had state equals and
the default argument?
This kind of initialAction will go and
trigger all of the default
arguments in our reducers.
And then you can see that as we
pass through the old state and
the new state, in this case,
it is actually undefined because if you
look at our reducer again,
it's super, simple in this case.
We'll say like,
You can see it in there as well.
And so now we have a logEnhancer and
a monitorEnhancer.
The problem is that there's
one enhancer argument.
So let's say hypothetically I have
a situation where I wanna use
two enhancers but
createStore only takes one enhancer.
And I wanna pass createStore
to both of those enhancers.
Does anyone have a way
that I could do that?
>> Compose function.
>> Yes, compose, perfect, right?
And so what I could in this case do is I
could compose, and I'll do my logEnhancer.
LogEnhancer, and
my monitorEnhancer as well.
And now you can see that
both are happening.
So compose, again,
you could write compose yourself,
you could use compose form lodash or
pipe or flow, whatever.
It's just there to be helpful to you.